Ashwin's Campaign Portal
========================

We have *clusters*, which are basically campaings to register
multiple voters for MLC elections.

It works like this, if somebody thinks can get some graduates in
their circle (be it their immediate friends, family, members of an
organization, or some random guys they meet on street) to register
for the election, then we can give them a user name/password in the
system and they can launch a campain to from a start date, till an
end date to register x number of people. During the registration
process each of these registrants go through the following steps,
like application filled up, application  attested, application
submitted. Each of the registrants can be 'Converted' to a 'New
Voter' by pressing the 'Convert' link on top of their names. By
doing so, the registrant will be in the new Voters list for the MLC
elections.

When they are converted, the registrant will be 'On Roll' -  means
they are on the election roll.

It the application is rejected, we will update the status likewise
and have to go through the process again to make them on Roll.

Each people 'On Roll' also will appear as a 'New Voter' in that tab.

When you're converting a registrant as a New Voter, we need to input
the Ward info which the 'New Voter' belongs to.

The 'Existing Voters' tab is used for keping track of volunteers
visit to people who are aready in the voters database. Existing
voters tab will help to record our interactions with the current
voters and how many we were able to close as a potential vote for
Ashwin.

When we are looking into the Ward, we can see how many New Voters
and Existing Voters are there in the ward. Currently all of the
Existing Voters recordded within a ward appears, but more useful
information will be to show the all the New Voters plus the Existing
Voters we closed/won for Ashwin.

In order to see if we make the targets, it's useful to see the #
of 'Closed/Won' in 'Existing Voters' and Total New Voters. Adding
both these will give us an idea about how many people will vote for
him.
